Add ability to define `templateAttributes` within a target (#533)
yonaskolb/XcodeGen: Docs/ProjectSpec.md

  - `CFBundleVersion`
  - `CFBundlePackageType`
- [ ] **entitlements**: **[Plist](#plist)** - If defined this will generate and write a `.entitlements` file, and use it by setting `CODE_SIGN_ENTITLEMENTS` build setting for every configuration. All properties must be provided
- [ ] **templates**: **[String]** - A list of [Target Templates](#target-template) referenced by name that will be merged with the target in order. Any instances of `${target_name}` within these templates will be replaced with the target name.

> - [ ] **templateAttributes**: **[String: String]** - A list of attributes where each instances of `$<attributeName>` within the templates listed in `templates` will be replaced with the value specified here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] **templateAttributes**: **[String: String]** - A list of attributes where each instance of `${attributeName}` within the templates listed in `templates` will be replaced with the value specified.
```

This is a template that can be referenced from a normal target using the `templates` property. The properties of this template are the same as a [Target](#target)].
Any instances of `$target_name` within each template will be replaced by the final target name which references the template.

> Attributes defined in `templateAttributes` will be replaced by the value specified in the target which references the template.

Reviewer: The `templateAttributes` are defined in the target, not the template. This sentence doesn't make that so clear.

Author: I'm not a native speaker. Do you have a suggestion for a better sentence?

Reviewer: Perhaps `Any attributes defined within a targets `templateAttributes` will be used to replace any attribute references in the template using the syntax `$attribute_name`.

## Target Template

This is a template that can be referenced from a normal target using the `templates` property. The properties of this template are the same as a [Target](#target)].
Any instances of `${target_name}` within each template will be replaced by the final target name which references the template.
Any attributes defined within a targets `templateAttributes` will be used to replace any attribute references in the template using the syntax `${attribute_name}`.

```yaml
targets:
  MyFramework:
    templates: 
      - Framework
    templateAttributes:

>       frameworkName: AwsomeFramework

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      frameworkName: AwesomeFramework
```
